hello to all and thank you for sharing
our rendezvous the secret of a
successful pool the mag that explains you
everything you have always wanted
know about pools without ever daring
ask for it
you are the proud owner of a
pool you plan to do
build a
it's up to you
is addressing a swimming pool
how does it work it's the subject that
we are going to treat a subject today
exciting that will help you I am
sure and see more clearly but especially to
make the right choices for your pool
for many of us the
functioning of a swimming pool remains a
mystery
however, it is fundamental to
understand the basic principles and
the interaction between these different
equipment to understand everything let's follow
together the course of the water the
mouths located on the top of the walls
of the pelvis is called the skimmers their
role is to recover and decree puts
the water on the surface to make it
flow towards the filters in
retaining most of the debris in
their basket the bottom bomb recovers
the cooler water of the fund for
improve brewing this allows
to ensure a homogeneous temperature in
the basin but also better
distribute the products of the treatment the
pump draws water and sends it to the
filter another key element of
Installation
its role is to retain impurities
to guarantee clean water capital to
both for the comfort of swimming
and the durability of the installation
The couple pump filter should be
perfectly matched the flow of the
pump never to exceed
filter capacity that's why it
first choose the filter
adapted to the volume of the basin and then
to size the pump according to
your filter at the water filter outlet
can be played by various methods
electric heater installation
solar heat pumps treatment
water is the last stage of
his trip but it's a milestone
to get a perfectly healthy water
and permanently balanced a solution
to the economy can be disastrous
because the balance of the water is fragile one
opt for an automated system such a
electrolyser able to control its
quality including in your absence
for an installation to work well
the pipes and the diameter
adapted to the flow of the pump and the
wire capacity
it's about establishing a fair ratio with
the volume of the basin knowing that the
renewal of the advisor and
three to six times per 24 hours taking
broom is used to connect different types
robot cleaners to ensure
basin maintenance finally the
halogen spotlights classic or led
allow nocturnal use of the
pool and its aesthetic enhancement
I hope all explanations
have enlightened you on the functioning
of a swimming pool now find the
sms questions
doumé de calvi wonders where to install
my pool
vast subject dear Corsican friends to whom
I will answer by keywords exhibition
security privacy maintenance feasibility
technique these are the criteria that he
must be taken into account for
well to succeed his installation is for
you if you can opt for a view
on your citadel martin lavandou
and puzzled who should I call
for the realization of my swimming pool
excellent Provencal problem
martin do not hesitate to consult
several wells signed to make you
your own opinion
fill in you trust your mouth to
listen and know that the filiation of
installers to a national federation
is a good guarantee of confidence
micheline penne d'agenais there no
question but rather a testimony
since I have my pool I feel
rejuvenate from day to day
is this a classic effect and well
juvenile micheline know that you
are not the only one of our case we
are poor in France to benefit
relaxing effects of the pool and the
laze
the pool is a complex installation
each element plays a role
determining and ward world number one of
pool equipment offers you
consistently the best of the
technology at every step to guarantee
a harmonious functioning of your
installation so that it brings you
every day the pleasure you are in
right to expect to find the
full description of ward products
the analyzes the tips and the
seasonal questions on www.aerowatt.fr
goodbye to all and see you soon for
share together the secrets of a
successful pool hi bathers
good so what are you doing here I
train for my report on the
ground